🐛 Source S3: Fix discovery for zip file (#32677)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/s3.md

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                                                                                    | Subject                                                                                                              |
|:--------|:-----------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 4.2.2   | 2023-11-20 | [32677](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/32677)                                                        | Fix discovery for zip file                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4.2.2   | 2023-11-20 | [32677](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/32677)                                                        | Only read files with ".zip" extension as zipped files                                                                                       |
```

Reviewer: suggestion for a clearer error message since the change is not related to discovery
